README.md, before:

# TravelSurveyPreprocessing

This repo is to centralize all efforts made to preprocess travel surveys from different cities around the world. Although the main use of the processed datasets is the ITHIM-R package, they can be used for other purposes.

Ideally raw datasets should be saved in the V-drive in the path `/CEDAR/Studies/MOVED/HealthImpact/Data/Country/` and processed datasets should be saved here.

If importing raw datasets from V-drive in R is too slow, then you can download them and add to the script a commented line with the path on the V-drive. For example, raw datasets from Bogota are in `CEDAR/Studies/MOVED/HealthImpact/Data/Country/Colombia/Bogota/Travel/trips_2019`. To import them locally the script should have this

```
# V-drive path
# path <- "CEDAR/Studies/MOVED/HealthImpact/Data/Country/Colombia/Bogota/Travel/trips_2019/"

path <- "C:/Users/admin/downloads/trips_2019/"

people <- read_excel(paste0(path, "PersonasEODH2019.xlsx"))
```

In this way, anyone that has access to the V-drive can run the scrip buy uncommenting the first line and uncommenting the second one.

Commit message:

Adding folders and scripts from ITHIM-R package
I just copied and pasted everything from ITHIM-R. The path in each script needs to be changed/updated.

README.md, after:

# TravelSurveyPreprocessing

This repo is to centralize all efforts made to preprocess travel surveys from different cities around the world. Although the main use of the processed datasets is the ITHIM-R package, they can be used for other purposes.

Ideally raw datasets should be saved in the V-drive in the path `/CEDAR/Studies/MOVED/HealthImpact/Data/Country/` and processed datasets should be saved here.

If importing raw datasets from V-drive in R is too slow, then you can download them and add to the script a commented line with the path on the V-drive. For example, raw datasets from Bogota are in `CEDAR/Studies/MOVED/HealthImpact/Data/Country/Colombia/Bogota/Travel/trips_2019`. To import them locally the script should have this

```
# V-drive path
# path <- "CEDAR/Studies/MOVED/HealthImpact/Data/Country/Colombia/Bogota/Travel/trips_2019/"

path <- "C:/Users/admin/downloads/trips_2019/"

people <- read_excel(paste0(path, "PersonasEODH2019.xlsx"))
```

In this way, anyone that has access to the V-drive can run the script by uncommenting the first line and commenting the second one.

Note: All scripts should have a corresponding `HTML` file so everyone can easily see what has been done without running it. This is done by adding the following piece of code in the beggining of each script:

```
#' ---
#' title: "Preprocessing of [CITY]'s travel dataset. 
#' author: "[AUTHOR]"
#' output:
#'   html_document:
#'     toc: true
#'     toc_float: true
#' ---
```
